hey jazz guy today we're going to talk
about 251 progressions in the voice
leading that it creates this is a
standard 251 progression d minor 7 g7 C
major 7 25 1 keep see the guide tones
the third and the sentence are what's
important what creates the voice leading
you have root motion fifth tie for
fourth and the guy pay attention
now the thirds are in yellow seventh
alright so we see the seventh of d minor
goes down a half step to become the
third of g7 the seventh of C major
seventh of g7 F goes down a half step to
become e third C major 7
I'm a different color f notice the third
is a comment on becomes the seventh of
g7 and the seventh of g7 as a common
tone becomes the seventh c major seven
that's how the voice thing works
jakers ah thank you very much for
watching